Modify rule S2003: Migration to new educational format (#1863)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S2003/php/rule.adoc

== Why is this an issue?

At root, ``++require++``, ``++require_once++``, ``++include++``, and ``++include_once++`` all perform the same task of including one file in another.
However, the way they perform that task differs, and they should not be used interchangeably.

* ``++require++`` includes a file but generates a fatal error if an error occurs in the process.

* ``++include++`` also includes a file, but generates only a warning if an error occurs.

Predictably, the difference between ``++require++`` and ``++require_once++`` is the same as the difference between ``++include++`` and ``++include_once++``.
The `_once` versions ensure that the specified file is only included once.

> Because including the same file multiple times could have unpredictable results, the `_once` versions are preferred.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== What is the potential impact?
Including the same file multiple times could have unpredictable results, the `_once` versions are preferred.
```

require_once 'more_code.php';
----

== Resources

=== Documentation

> PHP Manual:
> 
> * https://www.php.net/manual/en/function.require-once.php[require-once]
> * https://www.php.net/manual/en/function.require.phpp[require]
> * https://www.php.net/manual/en/function.include-once.php[include-once]
> * https://www.php.net/manual/en/function.include.php[include]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* https://www.php.net/manual/en/function.require-once.php[PHP Manual - require-once]
* https://www.php.net/manual/en/function.require.phpp[PHP Manual - require]
* https://www.php.net/manual/en/function.include-once.php[PHP Manual - include-once]
* https://www.php.net/manual/en/function.include.php[PHP Manual - include]
```
To conform with the other rules?
